kylie jenner is a genius for this
whether you love or hate the kardashians
you have to admit they've done an
amazing job with their marketing let's
look at kylie jenner she has over 330
million instagram followers 40 million
twitter followers 33 million facebook
fans 38 million tick tock followers that
have produced over 484 million likes
so what is she a genius for well it
isn't from getting paid to promote
products on social media because heck
everyone's doing that these days whether
you have a hundred thousand followers or
a hundred million and it isn't for the
tv show keeping up with the kardashians
as it started when she was just a kid
and her mom probably had more to do with
that than she did what she's a genius
for is leveraging her audience to build
a billion dollar company when someone
posts on social media promoting another
company's product it may generate some
sales but not a ton because people know
in most cases you're getting paid to
promote it but if you create your own
product or a service that resonates with
your audience you are much more likely
to generate sales because they know it's
your product and it resonates to them
so what does she do well she was posting
about beauty and makeup and cosmetics
all the time so she created her own
products and sold them through kylie
cosmetics in 2019 she generated 200
million dollars plus in sales according
to forbes in 2020 her revenue did drop
but she cast out to cody by selling 51
of the business for 600 million dollars
which values the business at 1.2 billion
dollars now whether kylie jenner is a
billionaire or her company's still a
billion dollar company or not it doesn't
really matter one bit what she's a
genius for is fostering her audience and
then releasing a product to sell to them
and just like how she has kylie
cosmetics she can go and create another
company maybe one that sells clothes or
maybe one that sells anything to her
fans that they'll eat up and they want
now she probably can't go create another
cosmetics company because cody gave her
a lot of money but the model works and
it works for people more than just kylie
it works for influencers with all sorts
of followings look at garyvee he doesn't
have as many followers as kylie but he
has had over 90 million dollars in
transactions for re-friends or look at
me i have just a fraction of the
followings of even gary vee i have a
decent following in the marketing
industry though nowhere near the size of
kardashians but i'm in a lucrative
industry which is marketing
my following is a large part of the
reason why my ad agency np digital is
successful we now have over 700
employees we have hundreds of clients
around the world and my following has
led me to build the 21st fastest growing
company united states according to inc
magazine
so build a following sell your own
products and services and that's a
recipe for success and when you can if
someone's willing to buy your business
sell it like kylie jenner and you can
always rinse and repeat or if you love
what you're doing sell a portion like
kylie jenner and just keep going now if
you need help growing your company check
out my ad agency np digital if you have
any questions leave a comment below if
you enjoyed the video like it share it
tell the people about it thank you for
watching